What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
When we initialize a repository with 'git init' command, it creates .git file so that it can track changes to the tracked files inside the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
staging area is more like a intermediate stage where files are kept before they are commited to repository. It reminds of files which are waiting to be commited.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
By doing the logical change you can move that file to staging area by using 'git add' command. This allows you to move that logical change to staging area and keep doing more changes to working directory file. This also allows you to have one commit per logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
When you want to create new feature which you are not sure about releasing or creating different version for specific purpose creating a branch helps to achieve this to stem from master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams helps us to see the commit made from most to least recent commit. This way we know where we are with respect to each branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
It merges all the changes done since those branches are created. The representation help to visualize the commits made over time to different branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
pros are that git can decide by looking at changed versions and compare that with last common commit to check the changes and merge accordingly. But sometime there is a conflict when same part of code is changed rather than new lines of code is added. In this case it is better to do manually merging.