How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
By looking at the differences given by the diff command we can figure out the differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
You can access those history files easily if compare difference two versions and if needed you can go back to any version you would like to.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Manually saving option gives you flexibility to decide when to save rather than saving after regular interval of times which would lead to many versions different to navigate/understand later on.
But manually saving a file is judgement call as well such that you dont commit after every new line or commit after a week of work. So you need to balance things. Having said that manual saving is still better flexible option from among all available options.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
May be Git was made with programming in mind and Google Docs was made thinking that files will have no link between them.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log to see all the versions and scrolling over all the versions till you find the one you are looking for and git diff to see the difference between any two versions by using version IDs.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using "git checkout <version-id>" we can check where the change got introduced and fix it by going back to older working version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I want to use Git for my project that i'm going to do in Machine Learning courses on Udacity and various other platforms e.g. Kaggle.